# v1.4

## Goodbye, HttpServerFlags!

Some "advanced" properties of the server, present in the old HttpServerFlags, have been migrated to the HttpServerConfiguration object. This means that the HttpServerFlags class has also been removed, along with all references to it.

See below for the migrated and removed properties:

| Property name | State | Observations |
| ------------- | ----- | ------------ |
| ThrowContentOnNonSemanticMethods  | ❌ Removed | See note 1. |
| PreventResponseContentsInProhibitedMethods | ❌ Removed | See note 1. |
| AsyncRequestProcessing | ➡ Migrated |  |
| HeaderNameRequestId  | ❌ Removed | |
| SendCorsHeaders | ❌ Removed | See note 2. |
| TreatHeadAsGetMethod | ❌ Removed | See note 3. |
| OptionsLogMode | ➡ Migrated |  |
| SendSiskHeader | ➡ Migrated |  |
| WebSocketBufferSize | ❌ Removed | |
| RequestStreamCopyBufferSize | ❌ Removed | |
| NormalizeHeadersEncodings | ➡ Migrated | |
| ForceTrailingSlash | ➡ Migrated | |
| IdleConnectionTimeout | ➡ Migrated | |
| EnableNewMultipartFormReader  | ❌ Removed | See other changes. |
| ConvertIAsyncEnumerableIntoEnumerable | ➡ Migrated |  |

> Note 1: This is a overreal design change in Sisk. In summary, the framework will no longer treat the developer like a baby and prevent them from performing illegal operations according to the HTTP RFC. Instead, Sisk will allow it, but the responsibility of following the HTTP fundamentals now lies with the user, not the framework.

> Note 2: The server will no longer listen to the `SendCorsHeaders` property. To not send CORS headers, you can use an empty or null instance of [CrossOriginResourceSharingHeaders.Empty](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Entity.CrossOriginResourceSharingHeaders) in your ListeningHost. Another option is to disable the use of CORS for that route with the [Route.UseCors](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Routing.Route.UseCors) property. Additionally, you can define routes of type [RouteMethod.Options](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Routing.RouteMethod) to manually handle OPTIONS requests.

> Note 3: The HTTP server will no longer treat HEAD requests as GET. You can still define routes with RouteMethod.Head and handle them directly, or use RouteMethod.Get | RouteMethod.Head to handle a route for two different methods, and get the request method with HttpRequest.Method.

## Easy compressed contents

Added 3 new HTTP contents:

- [BrotliContent](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.BrotliContent)
- [GzipContent](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.GzipContent)
- [DeflateContent](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.DeflateContent)

These contents provides a easy way to compress HTTP contents of a response on-the-fly, like:

```csharp
router.MapGet("/hello.html", request => {
    string myHtml = "...";
    
    return new HttpResponse () {
        Content = new GZipContent(new HtmlContent(myHtml))
    };
});
```

You can also extend your own compressing content from the [CompressedContent](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.CompressedContent) class.

## Auto-dispose IDisposable context values

The new [DisposeDisposableContextValues](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerConfiguration.DisposeDisposableContextValues) property allows values that are `IDisposable` to be automatically disposed of at the end of an HTTP context, removing the need to create a RequestHandler for this task.
    
### Other changes

- Added the `Router.CheckForRouteCollisions` property.
- Added the `StringKeyStore.AsStringValueCollection` method.
- Removed the experimental warning from the `HttpContext.Current` property.
- Removed the old Multipart Form parser.
- Fixed an issue where the served `HttpContent` wasn't being correctly disposed in certain situations.
- Deprecated the `HttpServerExecutionResult.DnsFailed` field.
- **Breaking:** removed the `HttpServerHostContextBuilder.UseFlags` method.
- **Breaking:** removed the `StringValue.GetParsable<T>` method. You should use the `StringValue.Get<T>` method instead.