# v1.0

After two years of active development, various tests and benchmarks, we saw that Sisk is a viable project, and we are preparing the release for stable version 1.0.

Since version v.0.16.2, these were the changes:

## Changes

At [PortableConfigurationBuilder](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.Hosting.PortableConfigurationBuilder):

- Added the `WithConfigurationPipeline(IConfigurationReader)` method.
- Deprecate `WithRequiredSections` and `PortableConfigurationRequireSection`.

At [HttpServerConfiguration](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerConfiguration):

- Added the `RemoteRequestsAction` property.
- Added the `ForwardingResolver` property.
- **Breaking**: deprecate `ResolveForwardedOriginAddress`.
- **Breaking**: deprecate `ResolveForwardedOriginHost`.
- **Breaking**: changed type of the property `MaximumContentLength` from `long` to `int`.

At [HttpRequest](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpRequest):

- Deprecate `SetContextBag<T>` method. Use `HttpRequest.Bag.Set<T>` instead.
- Deprecate `GetContextBag<T>` method. Use `HttpRequest.Bag.Get<T>` instead.
- Rewrited the `Cookies` property logic. Now, instead throwing exceptions on invalid cookie syntax, it will ignore the cookie with an bad syntax. Cookies without values are now accepted too.
- **Breaking:** changed type from the property `ContentLength` from `long` to `int`.
- **Breaking:** removed the deprecated property `Origin`.

At [HttpResponse](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpResponse):

- Deprecate `CreateRedirectResponse()` method.
- Removed all `With*` fluent methods from the base class. They're moved to the `HttpResponseExtensions` class, which has
the same fluent methods, but it's return types are compatibles with inheritors of `HttpResponse`.
- The `WithHeader` extension method now adds an method instead of overriding existing ones.

At [HttpServerFlags](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerFlags):

- **Breaking**: remove the deprecated field `RouteActionTimeout`.
- Added the `EnableNewMultipartFormReader` flag.

At [StringValue](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Entity.StringValue):

- Now `StringValue` implements `ICloneable`, ` IEquatable<StringValue>` and `IComparable<StringValue>`.
- Added the `GetParsable<T>` method. Only for .NET 7 and above.
- Added the `GetSingle()` method.
- Added the `GetEnum<>` method.
- Added the `MaybeNullOrEmpty()` method.
- Added an optional parameter `IFormatProvider?` for certain methods.
- Added the `Clone()` method.

At [HttpServer](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServer):

- Added the `IsSupported` property.
- Added the `IsDynamicCodeSupported` property.
- **Breaking:** the `CreateBuilder` methods now returns `HttpServerHostContextBuilder` instead an `HttpServerHostContext`. You can fix this issue by calling the
`HttpServerHostContextBuilder.Build()` on your builder to get the host context.

At [Router](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Routing.Router):

- It's no longer possible to define routes and action handlers on routers while the server is listening for requests.
- Added the `TryResolveActionResult` method.
- Optimized the route-set method which extracts routes from objects.
- **Breaking:** removed the `IEnumerable<Route>` implementation.

At [ListeningPort](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.ListeningPort):

- Implemented `IEquatable<ListeningPort>`.

At [HttpStatusInformation](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.HttpStatusInformation):

- Added implicit casting operators.
- **Breaking:** removed the `CompareTo` method.
- **Breaking:** made the struct read-only.

At [LogStream](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.LogStream):

- Rewrited the producer-consumer logic.
- Added the `Flush()` method, which is equivalent to the removed `Wait(true)` method.
- **Breaking:** removed the `Wait()` method.
- **Breaking:** removed the `Set()` method.

At [RotatingLogPolicy](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Http.RotatingLogPolicy):

- It will now run on top of an `System.Timers.Timer` instead a thread.

At [HttpHeaderCollection](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Entity.HttpHeaderCollection):

- Removed the `NameValueCollection` implementation.
- It now implements `IDictionary<string, string?>`.
- By default, when setting a header through the `this[]` indexer, it will call the `Set()` method, which overrides all previeously set headers with the same name.
- When getting an header through the `this[]` indexer, it will obtain all defined headers with the same name, separated by commas. You can get individual headers by using the `GetValues()` method.
- Added the `Add()` method, which adds an header to the collection, without overriding previously set headers with the same name.
- Added the HTTP headers:
    - If-Match
    - If-None-Match
    - If-Range
    - If-Modified-Since
    - If-Unmodified-Since
    - Max-Forwards
    - Pragma
    - Proxy-Authorization
    - TE
    - Trailer
    - Via

At [MultipartObject](https://docs.sisk-framework.org/api/Sisk.Core.Entity.MultipartObject):

- Optimized the `GetCommonFileFormat()` method.
- Added support for `TIFF` files.
- Added an new, experimental, multipart-form parser, which is based on spans and it's faster than the previous parser. You can enable it throught the `EnableNewMultipartFormReader` flag.

Other fixes and changes:

- Added the `IConfigurationReader`, which allows the user to read portable configuration files in the format they prefer. The user can define a reader for JSON5, YAML, TOML or any other format they prefer.
- Added the `ConfigurationContext` class.
- Added the `HttpServerExecutionStatus.RemoteRequestDropped` field.
- Implement `IReadOnlyList<T>` to `Sisk.Core.Entity.CircularBuffer<T>`.
- Fixed an bug where exceptions raised from `HttpServerHandler` instances would write to system log when `ThrowExceptions` was disabled.
- The HTTP server will now throw an HttpRequestException when an HTTP request tries to send content with `Transfer-Encoding: Chunked`. In previous versions, the error thrown was a negative memory read error.
- The HTTP server will return an HTTP 413 if the `Content-Length` header is bigger than 2GB or the defined `HttpServerConfiguration.MaximumContentLength`. This is an limitation of the [CLR](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3944320/maximum-length-of-byte/3944336#3944336).
- Both methods `GetRawHttpRequest` and `GetRawHttpResponse` will not write the body contents if bigger than 8Kb.
- Optimized the hostname resolver method.
- **Breaking**: made the following types `sealed`:
    - Sisk.Core.Entity.CircularBuffer
    - Sisk.Core.Entity.MultipartFormCollection
    - Sisk.Core.Entity.MultipartObject
    - Sisk.Core.Http.Hosting.HttpServerHostContext
    - Sisk.Core.Http.Hosting.InitializationParameterCollection
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpContext
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpContextBagRepository
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServer
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerConfiguration
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerExecutionResult
    - Sisk.Core.Http.HttpServerFlags
    - Sisk.Core.Http.ListeningHost
    - Sisk.Core.Http.ListeningHostRepository
    - Sisk.Core.Http.Streams.HttpRequestEventSource
    - Sisk.Core.Http.Streams.HttpWebSocketConnectionCollection
    - Sisk.Core.Routing.ValueResult