# v1.4.2

Multipart objects:

- Added the `MultipartFormCollection.GetFile(string)` method.
- Added the `MultipartFormCollection.Files` property.
- Added the `MultipartObject.IsFile` property.

HTTP Requests:

- Added the `HttpRequest.DefaultJsonSerializerOptions` static property.
- Added the `HttpRequest.GetBodyContents` method.
- Added the `HttpRequest.GetBodyContentsAsync` method.
- Several improvements to the `HttpRequest.GetJsonContent` overloads.
- Several improvements to the `HttpRequest.GetFormContentAsync` method.

Hosting:

- Added the `InitializationParameterCollection.GetStringValue(string)` method.

HTML content:

- Added the `HtmlContent(ReadOnlySpan<byte> contents, Encoding encoding)` constructor.
- Added the `HtmlContent(ReadOnlySpan<byte> contents)` constructor.

Logging:

- Added a bunch of async methods, such as `WriteLineAsync` to `LogStream`.
- Added the `PrefixedLogStream` class.
- **Breaking:** the `LogStream.WriteException` is not virtual anymore.

Streaming:

- Added the `GetLinkedCancellationSource` method for both `HttpRequestEventSource` and `HttpWebSocket` classes.

Bug fixes:

- Fixed an issue where `IAsyncEnumerable<>` and `IEnumerable<>` results were streaming the results outside the router context, which allowed exceptions to not be handled correctly.
- Fixed an typo error in the `MultipartObject.HasContents` property documentation.
- Fixed an issue where the HTTP server was returning an `400 OK` and `500 Ok` errors for unhandled exceptions instead the right description codes.