# v1.1.1

This changelog includes changes from v1.0.2 to v1.2.0.

## What's Changed

- Added the `StringValue.Create(string)` method.
- Added the `HttpResponse(HttpStatusInformation)` constructor.
- Added `IEquatable<Route>` to `Route` class.
- Added `IEquatable<MultipartObject>` to `MultipartObject` class.
- Added `notnull` for constraint `<T>` of the `ValueResult<T>` class.
- Added the `DefaultPageCSS` static property to `DefaultMessagePage` class.
- Added the `CreateBuilder(string)` static method to `HttpServer` class.
- Added experimental support for listening ports paths instead only listening at the root index.
- Added the `ListeningPort.Path` property, plus their constructors.
- Added the `HttpRequest.RouteParameters` property. In next Sisk versions, all path/route parameters will be moved to this property instead `HttpRequest.Query`. For now, the `Query` property will have the same behavior as before.
- Added boolean operators for `HttpStatusInformation` struct.
- Added the `StringKeyStore` class.
- Added the `CookieHelper.BuildCookieHeaderValue` static method.
- Added the `ConfigurationFileLookupDirectory` enum to `PortableConfigurationBuilder.WithConfigFile` method.
- Added the `HttpContext.ExtraHeaders` property.
- Added the extension method `HttpResponse.WithCookie(Cookie)` method.
- Added the `HttpServerExecutionResult.Context` property.
- Improved the `ListeningPort.Parse` method.
- Improved various `CookieHelpers` methods syntax signatures.
- The `HttpContext.Router` property ins't nullable anymore.
- The `HttpServerConfiguration.AccessLogsStream` property nows defaults to `LogStream.ConsoleOutput`.
- The `HttpRequestException` is now sealed.
- The `HttpResponse.Headers` property ins't read-only anymore.
- The `HttpServerFlags.EnableNewMultipartFormReader` is now enabled by default. If you encounter problems with the Multipart form parser, you can disable it and use the old parser.
- The `Router.GlobalRequestHandlers` ins't nullable anymore. And it is an `List<IRequestHandler>` instead `IRequestHandler[]` now.
- The `Router.NotFoundErrorHandler` and `Router.MethodNotAllowedErrorHandler` now, by default, returns an HTML response from `DefaultMessagePage` if the requests accepts `text/html`. You can disable this behavior by overriding the mentioned properties.
- The `ServerConfiguration.MaximumContentLength` property is now `Int64` instead `Int32`.
- Route matching and conflict catching algorithms improved.
- Removed string-based route-path algorithms.
- Fixed an issue regarding how the `CertificateUtil` class generates hashcodes for DNS names.
- Fixed various documentation members typos.
- Fixed an issue where the `Expires` and `Last-Modified` headers from `HttpContentHeaders` objects weren't being sent as universal time, but local time.
- Fixed more issues related ot the `HttpContentHeaders`.
- Fixed an issue where the `HttpServer` weren't releasing the `WaitNext()` method on dispose.
- Fixed an issue related to `HttpWebSocket` connections not being correctly closed.
- Fixed `Sisk.SslProxy` HTTP serializer and deserializer issues.
- Fixed logic error on `StringValueCollectoin.TryGetValue`.
- Fixed multiple issues related to the `IniConfigurationReader` INI-configuration reader.
- Fixed numeric errors on `SizeHelper` constants.

Breaking and deprecating changes:

- **[Breaking]** Dropped support for .NET 6 and 7. These versions will be maintained until November 30, 2024, in the `legacy` 1.0.x branch for severe bugs and critical security issues.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpServerHostContextBuilder.UseAutoScan(bool)` method. The `bool` parameter was removed.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HtmlContent.DefaultEncoding` static property. It now evaluates to `Encoding.Default`.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpRequest.SetContextBag*` and `HttpRequest.GetContextBag*` methods. You should use the `HttpRequest.Bag` property instead.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpRequest.Close*` method. You should use the `HttpResponse.Refuse()` method instead.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpResponse.CreateEmptyResponse` method. You should use the empty `HttpResponse` constructor instead.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpResponse.CreateRedirectResponse` method.
- **[Breaking]** Removed the `HttpResponse.StatusInformatoin` property. You should use the `HttpResponse.Status` property instead.
- **[Breaking]** The `AutoScanModules` methods (on `Router` and `HttpServerHostContextBuilder`) now automatically set static classes as static members and searches for instance and static methods in instance classes if an public constructor is found.
- **[Breaking]** The `RouterModule.HasRequestHandler(IRequestHandler)` method is now `protected`. Before was `public`.
- **[Breaking]** Renamed the `Sisk.IniConfiguration.IniConfigurationPipeline` class name to `IniConfigurationReader`.
- **[Depreated]** the `HttpRequest.GetQueryValue` and `HttpRequest.GetQueryValue<T>(string)` methods are now deprecated. You should use the `HttpRequest.Query` property instead.